.
[dramatic music]
- That plane came through
the same light we did.
Whoever was flying might be
able to get us out of here.
- Levi?
- Gavin knows about us.
- Scott deserves the credit.
I would've never thought
to use the heroin.
- I was wrong. It's Lucas's.
- If you don't give it to me
when we get back,
I will kill you.
- Maybe she can help.
Says her name's
Rebecca Aldridge.
- If there's another way to get
to Eve and Josh,
you need to tell us.
- This is the plane Levi flew.
- [screams]
- I'm pretty certain
he was electrocuted.
- How is that possible?
- There's only one person
who knows the answer to that.
- What are you doing?
- There was an old man.
He had something on his back,
a handprint.
- Maybe someone's out there.
Somebody who could help
get us home.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- Who built this place?
- Before the Europeans invaded,
this area was inhabited
by native Californians.
The Tongva, to be exact.
- Well, it doesn't look
like they're home.
There's no one even guarding
the entrance.
- The Tongva were
a peaceful people.
Probably don't have too
many enemies to worry about.
- Then why build a wall?
- Right now all that matters
is that my plane's
picking up a signal,
and this is where it came from.
We need to find
whoever sent it.
Maybe they can help us
repair the plane.
Hey, we're going to
split up into pairs.
Meet back here in 15.
- Wait, hold on,
hold on, hold on.
I don't know about that.
We're intruding on their land.
- I don't think we have
another option
if we want to get out of here.
You're with me.
- Bro time. Cool.
- Come on, let's go.
- Josh.
You're coming with me.
- Mom--
- You were attacked
by a wolf five days ago.
- I feel fine.
Besides,
I got the doctor with me.
See you in 15 minutes.
- Sooner we get going,
sooner we get out of here.
♪
- We searched the woods
for the man Lilly saw,
but there's no sign of him.
- Did he say anything to you?
- Lilly told us
everything she knows.
- Well, we have
to do something.
- Yeah.
Otherwise, we're all gonna
end up just like that dead guy.
- You realize he had
a name, right?
It was Eddie.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Whatever?
- Hey, we got plenty
to worry about
without turning on each other,
okay?
- I'm going to get back
to work on the Jeep.
[apprehensive music]
♪
- You think there's
something more Lilly
hasn't told us about that man?
- Yeah, I do.
- Got the same feeling myself.
- If you want kids to open up,
you need to earn their trust.
In my sessions,
I'd use board games,
Legos, that kind of thing
to get them to relax.
- Would softball work?
- You bring a bat and ball
down here, doc?
- No, but I've looked at most
of the vehicles
in the clearing,
and the other day,
I found one with a whole team's
worth of soft ball equipment.
- You know,
it might not be a bad idea.
♪
- Doesn't seem like
there'd be a signal
coming from in here.
- Doesn't look that way.
- Josh.
Josh, there's food in here.
Oh, my God.
- Wait, you don't know
if that's safe to eat.
- I'm starving.
I'll take my chances.
- I don't know
who's in more danger,
You or Scott.
- I'm fine.
Lucas isn't actually
gonna kill Scott.
He comes off a little
aggressive,
but I think he's
actually harmless.
- A drug dealer with a gun?
Yeah, sounds harmless to me.
- All I know is he saved
my dad's life, okay?
- I don't trust him.
And I don't think
you should, either.
- Hold on, are you jealous?
- What? No.
- Okay. If you say so.
- Get over yourself.
- Look, Josh.
You're a really nice guy.
I like you, just not like that.
You know,
you're in high school.
We're a life-stage apart.
- Whatever.
- There's no one here.
Maybe your radar got it wrong.
- No, we just need
to keep looking.
- Fine.
- Eve. Eve.
I am sorry
Gavin knows about us.
Will you just talk to me,
please?
- I don't know
what to say to you, Levi.
I hate that
he found out that way.
It should have been me.
I should have been the one
to tell him.
- What is it?
[foreboding music]
- That handprint.
I've seen it before.
♪
What is this place?
[gasps]
Levi.
What happened to him?
- I don't know.
- What's with the photo?
Levi, what's going on?
- There's more
to my mission, Eve.
More than just
saving the people
who fell
in the La Brea sinkhole.
- I don't understand.
- I was also sent here to find
this man and seven others.
- Why didn't you tell me this?
- Because it's classified.
- Classified?
We're way past
classified, Levi.
Who is this guy?
- Three years ago,
another sinkhole
in the Mojave Desert opened up.
An exploratory crew
was sent down,
but they never made it back.
He was one of the scientists
on the team.
It's a long range
walkie-talkie.
Solar-powered, thankfully.
This is what my radar
was picking up.
It belonged to him.
- So you knew exactly what
the signal was the whole time.
- These people fell through
the Mojave sinkhole.
I had no reason to believe
they'd be in LA.
[crackling]
- This fire wasn't put out
very long ago.
We're not alone.
We need to find everyone else
and get the hell out of here.
[dramatic music]
♪
.
- You want me to fly?
- You came here looking
for a way to save your family.
This is it.
[suspenseful music]
- When do we leave?
- Tonight.
- Hold on, tonight?
- I realize the timing
is not ideal,
but the plane's ready to go.
There's no need to wait.
- But Dad, you never said
anything
about flying down there
yourself.
- Iz, I wish there was
another way.
This might be our only chance
to get Mom and Josh back.
- And what if none of you
come back?
- The plane is safe.
Your father will make it.
- What about Markman?
He's not just gonna
let us fly down there.
- I'll handle Markman.
I'm headed back to LA now.
- Why?
- The radar
at the Air Force base
needs to be offline for you
to fly into the sinkhole.
Now, I still have access
to the servers,
but I need to be onsite
to shut it off.
- Why are you doing this?
If you get caught,
you'll go to prison.
- You're not the only one
with people
that you care about down there.
- You lost someone
in the sinkhole too?
- Not this sinkhole.
This is Diana.
She's an engineer.
Part of the team that went
into the Mojave sinkhole.
She is my fiancée.
She's been gone three years.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
I should go. Good luck.
- Well, if we're gonna
leave tonight,
we've got a lot of work to do.
What do you say?
- What's your plan?
[foreboding music]
♪
- Josh, Riley.
- Nothing.
- This place is huge.
Levi, look at that.
- It's a lookout post.
- Yeah, we could see
the whole fort from up there.
- Come on
- Look at this.
Come on.
Let's see where it goes.
- Whoa, whoa, hold on, wait.
A dark scary stairwell
underneath an ancient fort?
I'll pass.
- Fine by me.
- What--
- Let me try to open it.
- Maybe we shouldn't.
♪
- Great.
It leads outside the fort.
Can we go back now?
No. No.
Well done, Josh. Truly.
- Sick.
Hey, we oughta take a couple
of these back to the clearing.
- Or we could just
take one back home
and sell it to a museum
for, like, a fortune.
- I got 250k worth of heroin
back at camp.
So I'm going to be just fine
when I get home.
- [chuckles]
Of course.
Good point.
- Where did you hide it anyway?
- Oh, you know, in the woods.
- Where in the woods?
- Well.
First you leave the clearing,
and you had 100,
120 meters or so
till you hit a stream,
then you walk 50 steps
to your west
and turn to your east
and, uh--
ooh, shiny.
- You have no idea
where you put it.
- Well, did I say that?
Because if I did, that was not
my intention at all.
- You son of a bitch.
- I can tell
that you're angry.
- Oh, can you?
[tense music]
- Jesus, calm down.
♪
Scott, pick up the gun.
Pick up the gun and shoot him.
Pick up the gun.
- Whoa, whoa, watch out.
- Don't move.
- You speak English?
That's entirely unexpected.
.
- Hey, Lilly.
Softball game's about to start.
Wanna play?
- She's fine. Thanks.
- I think we both know
Lilly can speak for herself.
- I'd like to, if that's okay.
- Great. Go warm up.
- Look, I know I owe you
an explanation.
- I'm listening.
- My father was a good man,
a God-fearing man,
but strict.
He didn't trust
the outside world.
And then we got down here.
He said we needed to stay away
from all of you,
to rely only on ourselves.
- He told Lilly
not to talk to us.
- I was just doing
what he wanted.
- I understand, I do.
But we are all
in this together now.
You have to be honest with us
from here on out.
- I will.
- Did Lilly say anything else
about the man she saw?
- No.
- You sure?
It felt like there
was something more,
something
she was afraid to tell us?
- No, sorry.
If she says anything else,
I'll let you know.
- Okay, thank you.
[apprehensive music]
♪
- I don't see anyone.
- Just give it another minute.
- Mom!
- Josh?
What are you doing out there?
- Long story.
- Okay. Well, stay there.
We're gonna go
find Scott and Lucas,
and we'll come to you.
- Eve, look.
[foreboding music]
♪
- Who are they?
- Riley, Josh, run.
- Go, go.
[warriors shouting]
[horn blares]
- Come on.
Go! Go!
[horn blaring]
- Eve, we can't go this way.
- I have to get to Josh.
- We can't. We have to go now.
Come on.
- Come on. Come on.
[grunting, panting]
- [gasps]
[coughing]
[groans]
- Good, you're awake.
[unnerving music]
- Where are we?
- Some weird temple, I think.
Oh, and not to alarm you,
but there's
a dead guy over there.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Yeah.
- Who are these people?
- That is a good question
because I have
no freaking idea anymore.
- Oh, I thought
you were the expert.
- Yeah, so did I,
until we were attacked
by two white guys
who speak English
who definitely weren't Tongva.
Whoever they are,
they're incredibly adept
at tying knots.
- Oh, yeah, well,
we wouldn't be tied up
if you would just
grabbed my gun like I told you.
- I froze.
What was I supposed to do?
- I don't know.
Not be a little bitch.
- What the hell does it
even mean?
- Hey, shut up, shut up.
[indistinct voices, footsteps]
- [sighs]
- Oh, man.
- Okay, we need to get out of
here before we end up like him.
[suspenseful music]
- There's gotta be
another way out of here.
- They're coming.
We need to hide. In here.
♪
[indistinct voices]
- Hello.
- I don't think
they understand.
- They understand a smile,
don't they?
It's best if they think
we're friendly.
- It's not working.
Okay. Change of plans.
We gotta get out of here
before they give us up.
[indistinct shouting]
- It's too late for that.
- In there. Go, go, go, go, go.
- It's a dead end.
♪
[horn blaring]
Do you think they're gone?
- Yeah.
I think they're
going back to the fort.
- Good. Then we're safe here.
- No.
My mom's in there.
We have to go back.
- I was afraid
you would say that.
.
- Four days ago,
the world witnessed
an unprecedented
natural disaster.
The events at La Brea
have left Los Angeles
in a state of mourning
along with
unspeakable destruction.
- All those people,
they don't even know the truth.
It's not right.
- That's why what we're doing
is so important.
- Come over here
and take a look at this.
I've mapped a low altitude
flight plan.
The plane should be able to
avoid detection until La Brea,
which, of course,
will be heavily monitored.
But if Sophia does her job,
we'll be just fine.
- And if she doesn't?
- The truth?
The plane will likely
be shot down.
- That's not gonna happen.
- Look, Izzy.
I understand
that you're anxious.
I would be too
if I were in your position,
but there's no other way.
- That's easy for you to say.
You're not the one
in the plane.
- That's not entirely accurate.
[apprehensive music]
I am going down there too.
My friends are
stuck down there.
It happened on my watch.
I have to bring them home.
- Iz, if you tell me not to go,
I won't.
- But if I say no, we'll never
see them again, will we?
I'm sorry. I need to be alone.
♪
- Iz, I know you're upset,
but we need to talk.
- I don't trust her.
We have known her
all of two hours,
and now she wants you to fly
into the sinkhole with her?
- I understand,
but I don't know
what else to do.
- Let's say everything
Aldridge is saying is true,
that a plane can
make it down there.
What happens if you get
a vision while you're flying?
- Iz...
It'll be okay.
- Dad, I'm scared.
- I know.
[indistinct voices]
[suspenseful music]
- Here.
You take this
and use it if you need to.
- Levi--
- Hey, you got this. Okay?
Okay. Okay.
Shh.
♪
- We just need to distract them
so we can sneak back in
and get everyone out.
- Okay, I guess
we'll just show them
the new Billie Eilish video
on my phone?
- This isn't a joke, Riley.
My mom and Levi are in there.
So are Scott and Lucas.
- They could've
gotten out by now.
I'm not gonna go get myself
killed by going back in there.
- So that's it?
You're just gonna leave?
- What do you want from me?
- You're such a hypocrite,
you know that?
- Excuse me?
- You were so pissed at my mom
for not going back
for your dad.
Now the roles are reversed.
You want to run?
- This isn't the same thing.
- You're right.
It's worse.
My mom was trying to help me.
The only person you care about
is yourself.
Look, I never took you
as someone
who was scared of anything.
You operated on your dad,
and you saved his life.
That's who I need right now.
♪
- Okay. I'm in. What do we do?
- Give me your phone.
- Why?
- I got an idea.
- The intruders,
have you seen them?
- We haven't seen anyone.
- It's okay. They're gone.
- Thank you. You speak English?
- Yes, we all do.
You're the sky people.
- What?
- My grandfather told me
about you.
You fell from that light
in the sky.
Have you come to take
our village from us?
- No. No, not at all.
- You have to tell your
grandfather we mean no harm.
- He's not here, but I don't
think he would believe you.
- Hey, my son is on
the other side of that wall,
and I need to get to him.
Is there another way out?
- Yes.
- Can you show us?
- Come with me.
.
- That was a great
catch out there.
- Thanks.
- No, seriously.
You're a proper player.
- My dad taught me.
He used to coach
my softball team.
We used to practice
in our backyard every day.
- Really?
The way Veronica
described your father,
I didn't picture him
as a softball coach.
[apprehensive music]
♪
Lilly, are you okay?
Hey.
If there's something
you want to say,
you can tell me.
Look, I'm your friend here.
You can trust me.
- I'm sorry.
I don't want to play anymore.
- I don't know what's going on.
Something's not right.
- You know, I've thought of
every possible way
things were going to end
for me.
Cancer, heart attack,
brain aneurysm, plane crash...
- Oh, my God.
- Accidental stabbing.
But I gotta say, being killed
in a mysterious fort
in 10,000 B.C.
just never crossed my mind.
- Hey, hey.
Can you stop talking?
- Actually, you know what,
in situations
like this, I can't, okay?
It's a problem.
- Hey, listen, listen.
- What?
- I need you to slide
over here,
Reach into my pocket.
- Why?
- There's a lighter
in there, okay?
We can burn through the ropes
and free ourselves.
- Wha--oh.
Like in "Indiana Jones
and the Last Crusade."
Nice.
- What?
- Never mind.
[tense music]
Ah. Okay, I got it.
- You got it?
- I got it.
- [grunts]
- Okay.
[lighter clicking]
[groans]
Holy crap, it worked.
- Oh, good, okay. Do me. Do me.
- Yes. Shh. Okay.
Actually.
- What are you doing? Untie me.
- Just promise me
if we get out of here,
you're not gonna kill me.
- Are you kidding me?
You're bargaining with me now?
- Well. Yeah.
- Uh-uh. Nah. No deal.
- What?
- What do you mean, no deal?!
- You walk out of here
without me,
you're not going
to make it two feet.
- Damn it.
- Come on.
Oh, man.
- Okay.
Yeah, okay.
- Ow! That hurt.
That really hurt.
- Good. Now let's go.
- It's just up here.
♪
- Who is that?
- It's my grandfather.
We need to hurry. Come on.
[pop music playing
indistinctly]
♪
- Go, go.
- Hey, Josh, Riley.
- Where have you been?
- Oh, you know, just having
a near-death experience.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Everybody, shut up.
We need to get out of here.
- My mom and Levi
are still here.
We can't leave without them.
- Yeah, that sounds like
you problem, man.
- You go by yourself,
you'll get killed.
- Huh?
We have a better chance
of staying alive
if we stick together.
Let's move.
- Ah, come on.
- Sophia.
Thought you were
taking the day?
- I just came to get
some things from the office.
- Well, there may be
a few things missing.
Gavin Harris stole his file.
- Why would he do that?
- I don't know.
Whatever he's planning,
it's not gonna work.
I've doubled security
around the sinkhole.
- Smart move.
- Of course,
it won't be necessary
if you tell me where he is.
I know how badly you want to
get down there to find Diana,
but there are other people
to consider.
- Yeah, there are.
Like Gavin's family.
Like the dozens of people
who fell in that sinkhole.
- Don't you think I would
help them if I could?
That earthquake was a 5.0.
Our people predicted any other
disturbance in the sinkhole
could cause
a catastrophic event.
- You don't know that.
- I'm not willing to risk it.
Sophia, please, if you know
something, you have to tell me.
[apprehensive music]
- Gavin, I can't get
ahold of Sophia.
- So we don't know
if she got the radar down?
- No, but it doesn't
change anything.
We still have to fly.
- But you said it yourself.
They'll shoot you down.
Please, you can't do this.
- She's right.
We can't go anywhere
until we know it's safe.
- I hate to be blunt,
but if we don't leave tonight,
you'll never see
your family again.
- Okay, what aren't you
telling us?
Because if you want me to fly,
you have to tell us the truth.
- There's something
I need to show you.
It'll explain everything.
But it's not here. It's in LA.
- You want us to drive back
to LA to show us something?
- Oh, who said anything
about driving?
♪
[tense music]
- Over there.
- Those rocks,
they pull away from the wall.
- Mom!
- Josh. Thank God you're okay.
- Go.
- Okay.
- Let's go. Come on.
Come on.
- Eve go.
- There they are.
♪
.
[tense music]
- Stop.
Let them go, Silas.
- Go.
- Thank you.
♪
- Okay, not to state
the obvious,
but Europeans didn't show up
and start colonizing this place
until the 16th century.
Those people shouldn't be here.
- We're here.
- Yeah, but they
didn't just arrive.
It's like they'd been
living there for years.
- Whoever they are,
definitely
don't like outsiders.
- Would you like it if people
broke into your house?
- Hey.
- What's up?
- Soon as we get back, we go
looking for my stuff, okay?
- I'm really sorry, man.
I don't remember where it is.
- Then you got a big problem.
- Do you not recall
what happened back there?
I saved your life.
- That doesn't make us even.
- You know what?
You really want to kill me?
Go for it. I'm serious.
Just get it over and done with
'cause I'm sick of being
your little bitch.
- [laughs]
Wow. Look at you, man.
You finally grew a pair.
[tense music]
But you should have
left me tied up.
♪
- Yeah, this was fun.
I didn't think about dying
for at least 20 minutes.
- Riley!
- Dad.
- we were getting so worried
about your guys.
- You're the pilot?
- Captain Levi Delgado.
It's a pleasure
to meet you all.
- You're here to bring us home?
- That was the plan.
But unfortunately
my plane's damaged.
I lost an engine.
I wish I had better news.
- So that's it.
We're stuck here.
- I didn't say that.
I came here to bring you home,
and that's what
I'm going to do.
However long it takes.
- Hey, mind if I join?
- Take a seat.
You okay?
- Yeah, I, uh,
I just heard
about that guy who died, Eddie.
They think that old man at
the fort might have killed him.
- Yeah, I know.
- Listen, I wanted to say
thank you
for keeping me alive
out there and all.
[soft heartfelt music]
- Not bad for a guy a life
stage apart from you, huh?
- [chuckles]
- Yeah. Not bad.
♪
Good night, Josh.
- Hey, Lilly.
Why are you all by yourself?
- Veronica went to get
some food.
- May I?
I'm sorry I upset you before.
But if I'm being honest,
I think you know more
than you're telling us
about what happened to Eddie
and the man you saw.
- I told you everything
I know about him.
- Okay.
It's okay, I believe you.
But Lilly...
Is there something else
you want to say?
Okay.
Well, I'm here to help
if you ever need me.
- Ty.
- Yeah?
- There is something else.
- What is it?
- Veronica?
She's not my sister.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- Lilly, what are you saying?
- A year ago,
I was with my family
at our church for a picnic.
I went for a walk by myself,
and a car pulled up.
It was Aaron and Veronica.
They took me.
- Oh, Lilly. It's okay.
- Veronica.
We need to talk.
Veronica. Veronica, wait!
♪
- This is Captain Levi Delgado.
If you can hear me,
please respond.
[static crackles]
[feedback whirring]
This is Captain Levi Delgado.
If you can hear me,
we need your help.
Please respond.
- You really think whoever's
on the other end of that
can help us fix your plane?
- They flew here.
Maybe they have
parts we can use.
Who knows, maybe their plane
can still fly.
I think we can make it.
- Hey, Levi, we need to talk.
- Let me know the minute
you hear something.
- Will do.
Listen, I should have told you
the truth about my mission.
I'm sorry.
- It's not about that.
- You want to talk about Gavin?
- Yeah.
I just--
I keep thinking about...
How he must have felt
when he found out.
How hurt he must've been.
- Eve.
[soft heartfelt music]
- He wasn't there for you.
You don't need to beat
yourself up over this.
- I can't help it.
What did he say
when you told him?
- Eve, I don't--
- I just--I need to know.
- He asked me if I loved you.
- What did you say?
- I didn't
have to say anything.
He knew the answer.
♪
- I'm going to get some rest.
- Okay.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[keypad beeping]
[buzzer blares]
- Follow me.
- You brought us here
to see a construction site.
♪
- What is this place?
- This is where the survivors
of the La Brea sinkhole
settled in 10,000 BC.
- How did you find it?
- All you need to know
is why you're here.
We found something from Eve.
The interesting thing
about glass
is that it takes almost
a million years to decompose.
In this particular bottle,
we found something.
A letter.
- From my mom?
- Yeah.
- When my team found it,
the letter was in fragments,
but they were able
to reconstruct it.
♪
- "Dear Gavin and Izzy,
"I know this is
probably crazy and hopeless.
"But somehow you found my ring.
Maybe if there's a miracle,
you'll find this letter."
- I've been down here
five nights
holding onto the hope
that Josh and I
would find our way back
to you both.
But now something's happened.
♪
Tonight,
the light that connects
our worlds started to close.
- Five nights.
That's tonight.
- Gavin, I wish
we had more time
to try and fix everything
that got broken between us.
Just know that in my heart,
I am so sorry
for doubting you.
I should have
believed you all along.
- "Izzy, my strong
and beautiful daughter,
"you have your whole life
to look forward to.
Lean on your father
and take care of each other."
[sentimental music]
- Gavin, I don't know
if or when I'll ever
see either one of you again,
but I know
if there's some way,
any way, to help us,
that you'll find it.
Wherever you are,
wherever I am,
no matter what...
[sighs]
You're always with me.
- "All my love, Eve."
The light's closing.
Why the hell
didn't you tell me?
- Because once
we get down there,
I can't guarantee
you'll make it back.
- And you knew he'd never
leave me if you told us that.
- Yeah.
- So why tell me now?
- I had no choice.
By this time tomorrow,
the light will be gone.
If you want to save them,
you're gonna
have to take the risk.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- I can't do that.
- But if you don't,
we'll never get Mom
and Josh back.
- Iz--
- I'll be fine, okay?
I have Aunt Jessica.
Please go save them.
You have to.
♪
[dramatic music]